usr/bin/aircmd.sh					    airtools-core
usr/bin/airfun.py					    airtools-core
usr/bin/airfun.sh					    airtools-core
usr/bin/airtools					    airtools-core
usr/bin/airtools-cli					    airtools-core
usr/bin/batch_crop					    libvips-tools
usr/bin/batch_image_convert				    libvips-tools
usr/bin/batch_rubber_sheet				    libvips-tools
usr/bin/bayer2rgb					    airtools-core
usr/bin/dcraw-tl					    airtools-core
usr/bin/imarith						    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/imlist						    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/imstat						    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/light_correct					    libvips-tools
usr/bin/listhead					    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/pnmccdred					    airtools-core
usr/bin/pnmcombine					    airtools-core
usr/bin/pnmrowsort					    airtools-core
usr/bin/pnmtomef					    airtools-core
usr/bin/scamp						    scamp
usr/bin/shrink_width					    libvips-tools
usr/bin/sky						    skymaker
usr/bin/vips						    libvips-tools
usr/bin/vips-8.10					    libvips-tools
usr/bin/vipsedit					    libvips-tools
usr/bin/vipsheader					    libvips-tools
usr/bin/vipsprofile					    libvips-tools
usr/bin/vipsthumbnail					    libvips-tools
usr/include/vips/VConnection8.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/VError8.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/VImage8.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/VInterpolate8.h			    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/almostdeprecated.h			    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/arithmetic.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/basic.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/buf.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/cimg_funcs.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/colour.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/connection.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/conversion.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/convolution.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/create.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/dbuf.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/debug.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/deprecated.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/dispatch.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/draw.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/enumtypes.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/error.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/foreign.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/format.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/freqfilt.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/gate.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/generate.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/header.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/histogram.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/image.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/interpolate.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/intl.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/mask.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/memory.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/morphology.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/mosaicing.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/object.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/operation.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/private.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/rect.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/region.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/resample.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/sbuf.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/semaphore.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/soname.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/thread.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/threadpool.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/transform.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/type.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/util.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/vector.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/version.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/video.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/vips-operators.h			    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/vips.h					    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/vips7compat.h				    libvips-dev
usr/include/vips/vips8					    libvips-dev
usr/lib/girepository-1.0/Vips-8.0.typelib		    gir1.2-vips-8.0
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/_libvips.abi3.so		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips-2.1.14.egg-info/PKG-INFO python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips-2.1.14.egg-info/dependency_links.txt python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips-2.1.14.egg-info/not-zip-safe python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips-2.1.14.egg-info/requires.txt python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips-2.1.14.egg-info/top_level.txt python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/__init__.py	    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/base.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/enums.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/error.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/gobject.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/gvalue.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/pyvips_build.py	    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vconnection.py	    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vdecls.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/version.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vimage.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vinterpolate.py	    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vobject.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/voperation.py	    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vregion.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vsource.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vsourcecustom.py	    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vtarget.py		    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/pyvips/vtargetcustom.py	    python3-pyvips
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips-cpp.a			    libvips-dev
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips-cpp.so			    libvips-dev
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips-cpp.so.42		    libvips42
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips-cpp.so.42.12.7		    libvips42
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips.a			    libvips-dev
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips.so			    libvips-dev
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips.so.42			    libvips42
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libvips.so.42.12.7		    libvips42
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/pkgconfig/vips-cpp.pc		    libvips-dev
usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/pkgconfig/vips.pc		    libvips-dev
usr/share/airtools/airds9.ana				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/airtools-gui.jar			    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/airtools.png				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/camera.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/refcat.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/set.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/sites.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/applications/airtools.desktop			    airtools-core
usr/share/doc-base/libvips-appguide			    libvips-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/README.bayer2rgb		    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/README.dcraw-tl		    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/README.md			    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/changelog.Debian.gz		    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/copyright			    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/changelog.Debian.gz		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/copyright			    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/.comments/noimage.png.xml airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/airtools-gui.png	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/bgvar.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/comet_tab.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/dark_variation2.png	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/distortion2.png	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/gsog.bg.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/gsog.dmag.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/gsog.fwhm.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/imred_tab.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/misc_tab.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/noimage.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/splash.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/virtualbox-manager.png    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/xubuntu-vm-annotated.png  airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/xubuntu_2004.png	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/images/xubuntu_2004.xcf.gz	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/manual-en.html		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/README.bayer2rgb			    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/README.dcraw-tl			    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/README.md			    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/changelog.Debian.gz		    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/copyright			    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/.comments/noimage.png.xml	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/airtools-gui.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/bgvar.png			    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/comet_tab.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/dark_variation2.png	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/distortion2.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/gsog.bg.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/gsog.dmag.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/gsog.fwhm.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/imred_tab.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/misc_tab.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/noimage.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/splash.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/virtualbox-manager.png	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/xubuntu-vm-annotated.png	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/xubuntu_2004.png		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/images/xubuntu_2004.xcf.gz	    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/manual-en.html			    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/cfitsio-examples/README			    cfitsio-examples
usr/share/doc/cfitsio-examples/changelog.Debian.gz	    cfitsio-examples
usr/share/doc/cfitsio-examples/copyright		    cfitsio-examples
usr/share/doc/gir1.2-vips-8.0/changelog.Debian.gz	    gir1.2-vips-8.0
usr/share/doc/gir1.2-vips-8.0/changelog.gz		    gir1.2-vips-8.0
usr/share/doc/gir1.2-vips-8.0/copyright			    gir1.2-vips-8.0
usr/share/doc/libvips-dev/changelog.Debian.gz		    libvips-dev
usr/share/doc/libvips-dev/changelog.gz			    libvips-dev
usr/share/doc/libvips-dev/copyright			    libvips-dev
usr/share/doc/libvips-doc/changelog.Debian.gz		    libvips-doc
usr/share/doc/libvips-doc/changelog.gz			    libvips-doc
usr/share/doc/libvips-doc/copyright			    libvips-doc
usr/share/doc/libvips-doc/html				    libvips-doc
usr/share/doc/libvips-tools/changelog.Debian.gz		    libvips-tools
usr/share/doc/libvips-tools/changelog.gz		    libvips-tools
usr/share/doc/libvips-tools/copyright			    libvips-tools
usr/share/doc/libvips42/README.Debian			    libvips42
usr/share/doc/libvips42/changelog.Debian.gz		    libvips42
usr/share/doc/libvips42/changelog.gz			    libvips42
usr/share/doc/libvips42/copyright			    libvips42
usr/share/doc/python3-pyvips/changelog.Debian.gz	    python3-pyvips
usr/share/doc/python3-pyvips/copyright			    python3-pyvips
usr/share/doc/scamp/BUGS				    scamp
usr/share/doc/scamp/README				    scamp
usr/share/doc/scamp/changelog.Debian.gz			    scamp
usr/share/doc/scamp/changelog.gz			    scamp
usr/share/doc/scamp/copyright				    scamp
usr/share/doc/skymaker/BUGS				    skymaker
usr/share/doc/skymaker/README				    skymaker
usr/share/doc/skymaker/changelog.Debian.gz		    skymaker
usr/share/doc/skymaker/changelog.gz			    skymaker
usr/share/gir-1.0/Vips-8.0.gir				    libvips-dev
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Cite.md.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Combine.png		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Examples.md.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/How-it-opens-files.md.html   libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/How-it-works.md.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Making-image-pyramids.md.html libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Memtrace.png		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Sequence.png		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Sink.png			    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Using-vipsthumbnail.md.html  libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/Vips-smp.png		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsForeignSave.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsImage.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsInterpolate.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsObject.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsOperation.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsRegion.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsSbuf.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsTargetCustom.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/VipsThreadState.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/annotation-glossary.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/api-index-full.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/binding.md.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/ch01.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/ch02.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/ch03.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/ch04.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/extending.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/file-format.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/func-list.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/home.png			    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/index.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/interconvert.png		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/left-insensitive.png	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/left.png			    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-arithmetic.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-basic.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-buf.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-colour.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-conversion.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-convolution.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-create.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-draw.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-error.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-freqfilt.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-generate.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-header.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-histogram.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-memory.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-morphology.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-mosaicing.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-rect.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-resample.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-semaphore.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-transform.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-type.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-util.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-version.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips-vips.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/libvips.devhelp2		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/object-tree.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/owl.jpg			    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/right-insensitive.png	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/right.png		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/style.css		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/tn_owl.jpg		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/up-insensitive.png	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/up.png			    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/using-cli.html		    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/using-from-c.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/using-from-cpp.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/gtk-doc/html/libvips/using-threads.html	    libvips-doc
usr/share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/vips8.10.mo		    libvips42
usr/share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/vips8.10.mo		    libvips42
usr/share/man/man1/batch_crop.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/batch_image_convert.1.gz		    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/batch_rubber_sheet.1.gz		    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/light_correct.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/scamp.1.gz				    scamp
usr/share/man/man1/shrink_width.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/sky.1.gz				    skymaker
usr/share/man/man1/vips-8.10.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/vips.1.gz				    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/vips_missing.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/vipsedit.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/vipsheader.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/vipsprofile.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/man/man1/vipsthumbnail.1.gz			    libvips-tools
usr/share/pixmaps/airtools.svg				    airtools-core
usr/share/scamp/cfh12k.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/fors2.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/megacam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/minimo.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/mosaic2.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/omegacam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/scamp.xsl				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/suprimecam.ahead			    scamp
usr/share/scamp/vircam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/wfc.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/wfi.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/wircam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/skymaker/sample.list				    skymaker
