usr/bin/aircmd.sh					    airtools-core
usr/bin/airfun.sh					    airtools-core
usr/bin/dcraw-tl					    airtools-core
usr/bin/fitscopy					    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/imarith						    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/imcopy						    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/imlist						    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/ldactoasc					    sextractor
usr/bin/listhead					    cfitsio-examples
usr/bin/missfits					    missfits
usr/bin/pnmccdred					    airtools-core
usr/bin/pnmcombine					    airtools-core
usr/bin/pnmtomef					    airtools-core
usr/bin/scamp						    scamp
usr/bin/sex						    sextractor
usr/bin/sky						    skymaker
usr/bin/stiff						    stiff
usr/bin/stilts						    stilts
usr/bin/swarp						    swarp
usr/share/airtools/airds9.ana				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/camera.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/refcat.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/set.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/airtools/sites.dat				    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/README			    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/README.dcraw-tl		    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/changelog.Debian.gz		    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-core/copyright			    airtools-core
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/GettingStarted.txt		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/README.Windows		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/changelog.Debian.gz		    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools-doc/copyright			    airtools-doc
usr/share/doc/airtools/README				    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/README.dcraw-tl			    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/changelog.Debian.gz		    airtools
usr/share/doc/airtools/copyright			    airtools
usr/share/doc/cfitsio-examples/README			    cfitsio-examples
usr/share/doc/cfitsio-examples/changelog.Debian.gz	    cfitsio-examples
usr/share/doc/cfitsio-examples/copyright		    cfitsio-examples
usr/share/doc/missfits/README				    missfits
usr/share/doc/missfits/changelog.Debian.gz		    missfits
usr/share/doc/missfits/changelog.gz			    missfits
usr/share/doc/missfits/missfits.pdf.gz			    missfits
usr/share/doc/scamp/BUGS				    scamp
usr/share/doc/scamp/README				    scamp
usr/share/doc/scamp/changelog.Debian.gz			    scamp
usr/share/doc/scamp/copyright				    scamp
usr/share/doc/sextractor/BUGS				    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/HISTORY.gz			    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/README.DOC			    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/README.Debian			    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/THANKS				    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/TODO.Debian			    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/changelog.Debian.gz		    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/changelog.gz			    sextractor
usr/share/doc/sextractor/copyright			    sextractor
usr/share/doc/skymaker/BUGS				    skymaker
usr/share/doc/skymaker/README				    skymaker
usr/share/doc/skymaker/changelog.Debian.gz		    skymaker
usr/share/doc/skymaker/changelog.gz			    skymaker
usr/share/doc/stiff/README				    stiff
usr/share/doc/stiff/changelog.Debian.gz			    stiff
usr/share/doc/stiff/copyright				    stiff
usr/share/doc/stilts/LICENSE.txt			    stilts
usr/share/doc/stilts/changelog.Debian.gz		    stilts
usr/share/doc/stilts/copyright				    stilts
usr/share/doc/swarp/BUGS				    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/HISTORY				    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/README				    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/README.Debian			    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/THANKS				    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/TODO				    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/changelog.Debian.gz			    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/changelog.gz			    swarp
usr/share/doc/swarp/copyright				    swarp
usr/share/man/man1/ldactoasc.1.gz			    sextractor
usr/share/man/man1/missfits.1.gz			    missfits
usr/share/man/man1/scamp.1.gz				    scamp
usr/share/man/man1/sex.1.gz				    sextractor
usr/share/man/man1/sky.1.gz				    skymaker
usr/share/man/man1/stiff.1.gz				    stiff
usr/share/man/man1/stilts.1.gz				    stilts
usr/share/man/man1/swarp.1.gz				    swarp
usr/share/missfits/missfits.xsl				    missfits
usr/share/scamp/cfh12k.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/fors2.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/megacam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/minimo.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/mosaic2.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/omegacam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/scamp.xsl				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/suprimecam.ahead			    scamp
usr/share/scamp/vircam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/wfc.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/wfi.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/scamp/wircam.ahead				    scamp
usr/share/sextractor/README				    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/block_3x3.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/default.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/default.nnw			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/default.param			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/default.sex			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_1.5_3x3.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_2.0_3x3.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_2.0_5x5.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_2.5_5x5.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_3.0_5x5.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_3.0_7x7.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_4.0_7x7.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/gauss_5.0_9x9.conv			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/mexhat_1.5_5x5.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/mexhat_2.0_7x7.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/mexhat_2.5_7x7.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/mexhat_3.0_9x9.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/mexhat_4.0_9x9.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/mexhat_5.0_11x11.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/sextractor.xsl			    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/tophat_1.5_3x3.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/tophat_2.0_3x3.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/tophat_2.5_3x3.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/tophat_3.0_3x3.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/tophat_4.0_5x5.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/sextractor/tophat_5.0_5x5.conv		    sextractor
usr/share/skymaker/sample.list				    skymaker
usr/share/stiff/stiff.xsl				    stiff
usr/share/stilts/stilts.jar				    stilts
usr/share/swarp/swarp.xsl				    swarp
